Added definition on how software causes emissions (#245)
Green-Software-Foundation/software_carbon_intensity: Software_Carbon_Intensity/Software_Carbon_Intensity_Specification.md

> "If you can't measure it, you can't improve it." - Peter Drucker

> Software causes emissions though the hardware that it operates on, both through the energy the hardware consumes and the emissions associated with manufacturing the hardware. The Software Carbon Intensity (SCI) Specification defines a methodology for calculating the rate of carbon emissions for a software system. The purpose is to help users and developers make informed choices about which tools, approaches, architectures, and services they use in the future. It is a score rather than a total; lower numbers are better than higher numbers, and reaching 0 is impossible. This specification is focused on helping users and developers understand how to improve software to avoid the creation of emissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software systems cause emissions though the hardware that it operates on, both through the energy the hardware consumes and the emissions associated with manufacturing the hardware. The Software Carbon Intensity (SCI) Specification defines a methodology for calculating the rate of carbon emissions for a software system. The purpose is to help users and developers make informed choices about which tools, approaches, architectures, and services they use in the future. It is a score rather than a total; lower numbers are better than higher numbers, and reaching 0 is impossible. This specification is focused on helping users and developers understand how to improve software to avoid the creation of emissions.
```
